### Square Research Team (5/20/2024, 12:01:07 PM)

**Square research study - Chance to earn $175**

Square Earn $175 for sharing feedback








 <https://squareup.com/us/en>


Shape the future of Square APIs
<https://squareinc.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_00QJEOAUIw1gn1Y?merchantToken=ML3TNTKDYN6WR&segment=S1>




Hi there, The Square Research team is looking to connect with select Square
Developers, such as yourself, who have integrated various Square APIs and SDKs
into your app. Our goal is to better understand how you use some of these APIs
and SDKs, and to identify any specific needs or challenges. Your feedback will
help shape the future of our developer products, ensuring that we build
capabilities that make integrating with Square more seamless and serve the
needs of your sellers. This will involve participating in a 60-minute video
interview fromMay 23, 2024 - Jun 7, 2024. Upon completion of the interview, we
will be offering you a $175 gift card redeemable at popular online retailers or
for donations (e.g., Amazon, Visa, American Red Cross) as a thank you for your
time. If you are interested in participating, then please complete the below
survey to tell us a little bit about yourself. If you are selected, you will
receive an email with next steps.





Take the survey
<https://squareinc.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_00QJEOAUIw1gn1Y?merchantToken=ML3TNTKDYN6WR&segment=S1>


Note: Taking this survey does not guarantee participation in the study.
However we will be running several studies in the future so you will have an
opportunity to provide feedback and shape the future of Square products! Thank
you,
Square Research team





 <https://squareup.com/us/en>

 <https://facebook.com/square>  <https://instagram.com/square>
<https://twitter.com/square>
Square, Inc.
 1955 Broadway, Suite 600,
Oakland, CA 94612
Square Privacy Policy <https://squareup.com/us/en/legal/general/privacy>
Unsubscribe or manage your preferences
<https://links.squareupmessaging.com/e/eh?_t=932d1eeec5544df8861a5973c89d2dbd&_m=2db6fcd4650c4c328c79ba72731176e7&_e=D_TnbJYoW5LIQkZ_x59HxIe_bnbMttF0_HTvO3uEEYfASuvobKpqpAm9x0XuR22Z9C8wzd6WDorB3wSu-gOQPC9GGJOdlJOZKVJ0P7nAnwfVGDTyPvsP2yoZYxXXxwsEzQJjXXMz5loRX0Bu64yoqhFSlgJDTPME24-cKwEcI6X5dOG7sgGGTqEeJfHYLppaz3clT0OPlKkvn4G3l4RiOH17_AjHzRgo_JddVw41WWIZN8xjtjCdtLe_4xWP431UdzHgZdqixjIYyd-yAwBZCQ%3D%3D>
Â© 2024 Block, Inc.

### Adam slam (5/20/2024, 12:01:47 PM)

[object Object]
